How do you experience inclusion?
Fostering inclusion means creating safe and trusting environments
where everybody feels welcomed,
valued, and free to be who they are.
Inclusion means making sure every traveler
feels welcomed and safe on the road.
For example, making sure there are enough
resting areas, pedestrian crossings,
special lanes for bicycles, safety elements for the visually impaired,
and even charging stations for electric vehicles.
At FEMSA, we create an environment where every person
feels welcomed and valued,
by identifying and managing our own prejudices
and by being aware of our biases, we make sure everybody
has the chance to grow and shine.
We are committed to adjusting our systems
to guarantee access and growth to each diversity
through an inclusive organizational culture
that includes activities for education and for raising awareness,
an internal and external communication strategy, and the training of JEDI ambassadors.
Join us in this path to inclusion at FEMSA!
Together, we can build a culture
where every person feels a sense of belonging
by being accepted for who they are and by being valued and acknowledged.